# Arcada Crystoforge
*"Reliability guaranteed"*

If there is one standard in Broken Space, it is defined by Arcada Crystoforge. A massive, space spanning company that predates the Clientel War by at least a millennium.
Born as a producer of crystalline circuits, their production lines soon expanded to include nearly all forms of commonly used components, as well as their proprietary line of starships, power armor, armaments, spacesuits, and other spaceworthy equipment. Their simple, albeit well made and durable designs became a reference both at the Rims and at the Cores, and to use anything less than Arcada, or their copycats, when it is available, is seen as cheaping out.

**Company Gear Prefix:** Crystoforged
**Company Gear Effects:** Equipment gains the Reinforced Keyword

# Hark and Antanite Corp.
*"Your most convenient best friends"*

# Starmail Transport and Commerce
*"Linking space, a cluster at a time"*

# Utopia-Worldmaker Biological Sciences
*"For a better tomorrow, building utopia"*

# Tetra Armaments and Munitions
*"Andurina created the Ovlan, Tetra made them equal"*

Born from multiple mergers between smaller armament companies of the Starfaring Clans of the Ovlan during the waning days of the Clientel War. Tetra Armaments and Munitions specializes in high speed, high magazine magnetic weaponry, although they dabble in LARB and melee weaponry every once in a while.
Save their Veridis line (which includes weapons such as the Veritoscope, Shaldin and Havenshot), the price tag on their weapons is prohibitively high for Rimhoppers and as such, are mostly reserved for Coreworlder militaries. This has the macrocultural effect of linking the goods produced by Tetra with violent colonization, Coreworlder invasions, and deadly suppression of peaceful protests and riots alike.

# Starcutter Shipworks
*"Your pass to the stars"*